{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red193\green31\blue25;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18780\viewh13320\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3500\clftsWidth3 \clmart30 \clmarl30 \clmarb30 \clmarr30 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2760\clftsWidth3 \clmart30 \clmarl30 \clmarb30 \clmarr30 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u1048 \u1084 \u1103 
\f1  
\f0 \uc0\u1087 \u1086 \u1083 \u1100 \u1079 \u1086 \u1074 \u1072 \u1090 \u1077 \u1083 \u1103 
\f1 :\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qj
\cf2 aaaaavn7@goldenwifi.ru
\b0 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3500\clftsWidth3 \clmart30 \clmarl30 \clmarb30 \clmarr30 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2760\clftsWidth3 \clmart30 \clmarl30 \clmarb30 \clmarr30 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \uc0\u1055 \u1072 \u1088 \u1086 \u1083 \u1100 
\f1 :\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qj
\cf2 gtpjtubr
\b0 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6320\clftsWidth3 \clmart30 \clmarl30 \clmarb30 \clmarr30 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6320\clftsWidth3 \clmart30 \clmarl30 \clmarb30 \clmarr30 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3500\clftsWidth3 \clmart30 \clmarl30 \clmarb30 \clmarr30 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2760\clftsWidth3 \clmart30 \clmarl30 \clmarb30 \clmarr30 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf0 \uc0\u1053 \u1086 \u1084 \u1077 \u1088 
\f1  
\f0 \uc0\u1089 \u1095 \u1105 \u1090 \u1072 
\f1 :\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qj
\cf2 38534421
\b0 \cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3500\clftsWidth3 \clmart30 \clmarl30 \clmarb30 \clmarr30 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2760\clftsWidth3 \clmart30 \clmarl30 \clmarb30 \clmarr30 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \uc0\u1058 \u1072 \u1088 \u1080 \u1092 \u1085 \u1099 \u1081 
\f1  
\f0 \uc0\u1087 \u1083 \u1072 \u1085 
\f1 :\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qj

\f0\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u1057 \u1077 \u1081 \u1095 \u1072 \u1089 
\f1 \
\
\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs32 \cf0 I just sat down in a coffee house aptly named "
\f3 \uc0\u1050 \u1086 \u1092 \u1077 
\f2  
\f3 \uc0\u1061 \u1072 \u1091 \u1079 
\f2 ", (which for those who don't read cyrillic, sounds pretty much exactly how you'd it'd sound if a russian were feebly trying to pronounce the words "coffee" and \'a0"house" for the very first time) and ordered an American style coffee (ha!), a blueberry muffin, and a little card that grants me about an hour's worth of wi-fi, and I figured maybe it was about time to get this blog thing started.\
\
So I got here a week ago (exactly, in about 2 hours), and already a lot has happened... sort of. \'a0For what it was, the 15.5 hour journey here really wasn't so bad. \'a0I managed to sleep a lot and I also managed to arrive with all of my luggage. \'a0But immediately after that, things got a little shaky. \'a0And by that I mean no one was at the airport to meet me.\
\
I eventually found my way to the information desk, where I was able to use a phone and call Garrett--the one person in Moscow whose phone number I had (actually I didn't have it with me, I had to use my cellphone at probably an\'a0exorbitant\'a0roaming rate to call Brady and have him log into my facebook and find the message where Garrett had sent me his cellphone number). \'a0So eventually I was able to get directions to where Garrett lives. \'a0I had to take a taxi there, which was pretty expensive (and a little terrifying, since Russians drive really really fast, without any regard for lanes or the approximately 10,000 other drivers that were at all times surrounding and swerving passed the car). \'a0I got there reasonably fast though, which I guess was nice at that point.\
\
The entire next day was just a circus of trying to get ahold of someone at Language Link and then getting someone to come pick me up and take me to my apartment. \'a0At about 6 PM I finally got a call (on Garrett's phone) saying I was to go stand outside on a certain corner and wait for a tall Russian man named Volodya. \'a0Well sure enough Volodya was there and he drove me to my apartment (at first in the same terrifying manner that the cab driver had the night before, but soon the traffic slowed down to a crawl, so the drive wound up taking over an hour).\
\
My apartment looks like this: (pictures will be here eventually). \'a0My two roommates Joanna and Jordana both went to Beloit College, and I actually knew Joanna from 3 summers ago when I took first year Russian at CLS. \'a0We're all pretty sure that the place must have just come onto the market after a Russian 'babushka' died or because it still has a bunch of old stuff in it. \'a0The cabinets in my room are loaded with Russian books and tea sets and other little trinkets. \'a0All in all it's a pretty nice place though. \'a0It has a playground and everything (a picture will be here soon).  It's a short walk from the metro (which I don't really want to risk taking pictures of... I guess the police get suspicious of photographers), where a train arrives\'a0about once every 1.5 minutes, from 5:30 AM to 1:00 AM.\
\
\
\
A lot of stray dogs live in my neighborhood.  It seems there's just generally a lot of stray dogs in Moscow.  I haven't figured out how they do it exactly, but they all seem to understand the idea of a crosswalk.  And they all wait for the little green light to cross the road.  There was even one on the metro the other day, just curled up in the middle of the floor, seemingly happily, as unconcerned with any of the passengers standing around him as they were unbothered by him.\
\
I don't know what else I was expecting, but I've definitely found it to be a strange place here.  You can't order cheap pizza at any hour of the day.  You must always avoid eye contact with the police.  Even the young, healthy looking couples pushing strollers through the park are always carrying a can of beer in their free hand.  A bottle of vodka tends to be about 2 dollars and I hear packs of cigarettes can be less than a dollar.  The mullet is really big here.  Everyone reads books on the metro.  When girls carry flowers, they always carry them upside down.  Nobody steps over the white line while waiting for the train.\
\
So far I've seen/been to:\
-St. Basil's\
-Red Square\
-various parts of the Kremlin\
-Patriarch's Ponds\
-the statue of Peter the Great (really fucking ugly... it was actually built to be a statue of Christopher Columbus, but America didn't want the thing, so it got pedaled off to the Russians as their great, sea-loving tsar)\
-the 'Golden Brains' (only from a distance so far, I'm working on getting closer)\
-a variety of Stalin's 'Seven Sisters' (palace type things that were built to compete with modern American skyscrapers)\
\
I've met a few Russians, but mostly I hang out with americans and a few british people as well.  Lots of people speak English here.  I've been to a few expensive night clubs, but it never really feels right paying 8 dollars for a glass of beer no matter how loud the house music is or how well everyone around me is dressed.  I much prefer just buying a half-liter bottle of beer (they're as cheap as 19 rubles, or roughly 75 cents) and either going to the university or having people over at my apartment.\
\
Alas, I hang out with Garrett a lot and despite always having less money than me he really enjoys going out to the clubs and I'm often convinced to come along.  This almost never ends well.  Since the trains stop at 1:00 AM and obviously all of the really great 'clubbing' doesn't get started until about 12:45, we tend to either take a gypsy cab home (actually not terribly expensive) or we  go for the long haul and stay out until 5:30.  I've only been there twice when we attempted the second option, and both times have resulted in me falling asleep at a table in a bar.  The first time it happened, all the people I was with left me at the table to go to the dance floor and I was subsequently spotted by security and tossed out of the club (in actually a much friendlier manner than I probably deserved).  \
\
The second time, I slept at a table for a while and eventually went outside on my own to wait for people, where I fell asleep again.  I was awoken by two police officers who had probably been called to pick up the passed out drunk guy laying on the sidewalk in front of the club.  One of them was carrying an AK-47 and he spoke to me in English.  They mostly just wanted to hassle me for being an idiot and I could pretty much tell that they weren't going to arrest me or rob me or anything, but nonetheless I stared at the AK for probably about 90% of the conversation.  The one with the gun must have noticed where my attention was because then he pointed it at me and laughed.  Then, in my groggy, drunk and presently terrified state I made the decision to run.  I had all of my papers, etc. back in my pocket and the university was only about a block away, so I went there, found a car parked near the wall, hid there, and tried to call Garrett.  But about a minute later, a police car pulled up and the same two police stepped out and came over to me, probably somewhat baffled if not flat out appalled at my pathetic escape and even more pathetic hiding spot.  Thankfully, as I was apologizing to them, a guy and a girl who I know (actually, the people I was waiting for in the club) walked by just then--heading back to the university.  The police were apparently (and thank god) content just having some other people to make sure I go straight to bed.  So we went onto campus and to Garrett's room, where we found Garrett, who had split off from our group a while earlier to meet up with some other friend, and who had had an even shittier end to his night when he got punched in the face and mugged--hence solving the mystery of why Garrett didn't answer his phone when I called him.\
\
So I don't think I'll be going to many more night clubs while I'm here.  I much prefer the carpeted walls and chandeliers and cast iron bars covering the windows and 3-inch thick metal door fastened by deadbolts of my apartment.\
\
I wasn't sure if I'd actually enjoy it or not, but it turns out I really love teaching English.  I especially love teaching adults because I've found there are few things better than seeing that gawking blank expression on a well-dressed, obviously rich businessman's face when he's trying to figure out when you use a gerund or an infinitive.\
\
Apparently though there's a lot better money outside of Language Link, just by building up personal clientele and working privately.  But I suppose I don't have much to complain about since the pay I get is certainly enough to eat and have fun with.  And since the swank night club scene is pretty definitively crossed off my list of activities, all the things I do are fairly cheap.  Walking around parks and taking pictures of cathedrals and statues and whatever is always free, bootleg movies from street vendors (in either English or Russian) are only about 4 dollars, and I'm hoping to start going to some plays in the near future, which also cost about 4 dollars.  The metro is about 30 cents per ride.  And having been here a month already, I've only had to put about 20 dollars toward minutes on my phone so far.\
\
I do miss a lot of things though.  The music fucking blows.  They don't make good coffee here, so I pretty much only drink tea--which sucks because to get my usual amount of caffeine I have to drink about 3 cups of it.  I haven't had a hamburger other than a Big Mac yet since being here.  I miss barbecue and the discovery/history channels.  The TV in my room here gets about 12 channels, but only one of them is familiar and it's MTV, boasting such prizes as "Next", "Room Raiders" and "Pimp My Ride" (which, actually, in it's Russian title is literally "I Drive a Wheelbarrow") all dubbed in Russian.  There's also Law and Order on TV here, but it is a completely different show, thoroughly russified with russian actors and what are I suppose more believably Russian situations.  The only episode I saw began with an elderly couple being awoken by the sound of an even more elderly, demented babushka rustling through their refrigerator, looking for something to eat.  They can't convince her to leave, so they call the cops, who then discover something about how she was abused or something.  I don't really know because I didn't understand and I turned it off at that point anyway.  I think I understand why people are always reading so much here.  Reading or drinking.\
\
Of course I miss everyone at Knox, in Beloit, Madison, and all those other places too.  My roommates and I have recently launched our campaign of complaining to our bosses nonstop until we finally get some freaking internet of our own in our apartment.  If any one of you can imagine, I don't feel quite as in touch with happenings in the rest of the world as I'd like to, including all of your lives.  If you're ever inclined, definitely send me an email sometime.  I promise to read it, though it may (at least for now) take me a really really long time to respond.\
\
Anyway, I love and miss all of you.\
\
From Russia with DEEZNUTS,\
Stefen\
}